- Let's get ready!
Come on. guys!
- It was on the end
of the table. Ha-ha!
- Dad?
- That's fucking crazy.
- Guys. there's something
down in the water.
- What are you talking about?
- The boat.
- I don't see anything.
- I don't know.
I think it's empty.
- Show me where.
- I don't know. I just saw
it come down the river.
- I don't know. Come on.
let's go. let's go look.
- Where is everybody going?
- Julie. what are you doing?
- Wait for me.
- Wait. Jess.
Shit. oh my god!
- Hey. Connie.
- Hey.
- What are we looking at?
- It's hard to tell. boss.
You're gonna have to
take a look for yourself.
Amy Lafoy spotted it first.
She brought the whole
dang family over.
It might be a while till
anybody gets any sleep.
- Look like a local to you?
- I don't know how
you would tell.
You ever seen anything
like this. boss?
- Ah...
You call the
coroner service yet?
- Mm-hmm.
- Carl Talson's gonna
want take a look at this.
- Carl's in Ottawa until
the end of the month.
Jacob's on his way.
Yeah. he'd be the guy.
Jacob.
- Hawkins.
Chief of Lone Crow.
- That's a hell of a car.
- Heard you're heading down
south to the big city. man.
- Yep. Just one week left.
- Well. I'm surprised
it took you this long.
How's Meg doing with it?
- Haven't spoken to
Meg in a little bit.
- A little bit.
like what's that?
Less than a lot but
more than not enough?
So. what do you got for me?
- John Doe in a canoe.
- Bad?
- Words wouldn't do it justice.
- Okay. Let's see
what we got here.
Holy shit.
- Yeah.
- Where'd the bones go?
- Is there any way. you know.
animals could have done this or?
Animals?
There'd be bone fragments
and shrapnel and...
Where did you find this?
It wasn't animals.
And bugs would leave
cocoon sacks and webs.
This. this guy's insides
have been shredded.
Look at this.
What does that look like?
- Is that an extra
fucking finger?
- It looks like your
boy here was disfigured.
That makes things
very lucky for you.
- Yeah. it'll speed
things up by a few clicks.
- Jake. what are the...
- Well
then. it will be sticky
with a high Tuesday near...
- Put this
somewhere for me. would you?
- Okay. Ah. why?
- Because it creeps
me out. I don't know.
Nothing definitive in
the cause of death.
Jake was headed up to Thunder
Bay with some tissue samples.
but bit of a lucky
break. actually.
Our John Doe-
- Cole Parsons.
It's the dead guy's name.
Lon Yazi was checking his
trap-line out before dawn.
He found this.
It's Dr. Cole Parsons.
He's some kind of physics genius
with a lab at the
University of Ozark.
It's in Oklahoma.
- What's he doing here?
- He leased a place up at Lynx
Creek about 15 months ago.
- Lynx Creek is in
the middle of nowhere.
I mean there's. there's
nothing up there but bush.
- And a house. a big one
according to the
letter of agreement.
He. ah. chartered a boat
to take him up there. Hawk.
- Local outfit?
- Hmm. Meg Fullbright.
- Right.
I always said you were
a better shot than me.
- Officer Hawkins.
What law did I break?
- See you found
another lost cause.
- Yeah. we're a
welcoming family here.
Oh. Hi.
Lester. this is John Hawkins.
Chief of Lone Crow.
For the time being anyway.
- Yeah. I figured you might
have heard about that.
- A town this size. even the
raccoons have heard by now.
Transfer down south. huh?
Finally making it
out to the big city.
Hey man. Sincere
congratulations.
- I'm actually here on business.
You did a job a while
back about a year ago.
A guy named Cole Parsons.
- Yeah. scientist
dude. What about him?
- Turned up dead this morning.
- Fuck.
What happened to him?
- Ah. I can't really say yet.
- Would you tell
me if you could?
- What do you
remember about him?
- Seemed like a decent guy.
he was kind of distant.
needed to get up to Lynx
Creek. and it was just him
and a couple of
big wooden crates.
Equipment. lots of it.
- What type of equipment?
- His business. not mine.
- You never thought to ask?
- Says the guy who never
bothered to tell me
he was blowing outta town.
- I gotta head up to. to Lynx
Creek. do some poking around.
I'm gonna need some
transportation.
And someone who. you know.
knows their way around.
Connie.
- Yeah.
- What do you know
about this Amber Alert?
- Parson's little girl?
- Yeah.
- As far as I know.
she's still missing.
The missing person's
report was never closed.
I'm waiting on a callback
from the lead investigator.
- And what about the
parents? Were they cleared?
- Yeah. it looks like it.
Linda Parsons. that's the wife.
she wasn't even in the
state when it happened.
And Dr. Parsons was
so distraught they
had to sedate him.
- Huh.
- So you're training dogs now?
- Oh. it's just a hobby.
Getting people in and out
of the bush is still my job.
- That's an interesting
way of putting it.
- Haven't changed a bit. Jake.
- Are you sure about this. boss?
- Which part?
- Any of it?
- Just stay close
to the phone. Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- So I'm guessing this is
as far as the road goes.
- As far as any road goes.
Took Parsons up in May when
the water was really high
and even then we
barely scraped through.
- A fishing boat?
- There won't be any
fishing on this trip. Jake.
- How long until we get
to the house you think?
- Hour and change.
We can camp here and take
the river in the morning
if it makes you feel better.
- You got any floodlights?
- Yep.
And a tarp.
- No.
let's get there tonight.
- Hey. what if someone's
waiting for us. do you really
wanna show up in the dark?
- You're with Chief
of Lone Crow. Jake.
Don't worry about it.
I swear I heard someone say
this would take an hour.
Hey Connie. what do you got?
- I got a few things. boss.
The first item is
that bug. the wasp.
The one you guys found
on Parson's body.
Yeah. It aint so dead.
You think I should
send it to the lab?
Yeah.
I wouldn't make that a priority.
Is that. is that everything?
- Well. I haven't been able
to locate the wife just yet.
but I did talk to a sheriff's
deputy who worked on the case.
And according to him.
Linda Parsons fell apart
after her daughter disappeared.
She had to spend three
months in a psych ward.
- No shame in that.
- No. but evidently
she blamed the
disappearance on something
her husband invented.
- Come again.
- Some kind of machine.
He faxed over the deposition.
- Connie. What?
- "That thing my husband
built stole my little girl."
Boss?
Hawk. you still with me?
- Good news?
- Ah. my deputy
calls about a bug.
You guys hear that?
Yeah.
It's kind of like it's
coming from everywhere.
Fuck!
All my life. I'm
like heroin to bugs.
- Meg. what was that?
- Whatever it was.
it's gone now.
The house is just up the path.
There's a clearing
in a hundred yards.
- All right. you two
deal with the boat.
I'm gonna check this
out on my own first.
- I'm not gonna
miss that about him.
- I guess this is where I
tell you. I told you so.
- Not gonna miss
you either. Jake.
- Just stating the facts. Meg.
- No. you're kicking
me when I'm down.
You can be a real smug
fuck. You know that?
- That's why you left me for
Chief of Lone Crow. right?
I still think about us. Meg.
- Let's keep it
professional. huh?
- Jesus fucking Christ.
Who builds a monstrosity
like this this far north?
- Ah. it. it looks different.
- Different? What
the fuck you mean?
- I'm. I'm gonna go on
inside and poke around.
Hang tight.
Hello?
Police.
Anyone home?
Hawk!
- I mean. it's a big
house. I looked around.
I couldn't find
any signs of life.
- Should we. should we go back?
- Home sweet home.
- Wow.
I do not remember
it being this bad.
- Rats. maybe. Raccoons.
- Yeah. Big ones.
- It's coming from the basement.
- Hey. check this out.
Some kind of supercharger.
- Geez.
How much power does
this joint need?
- It depends on what you're
getting up to. I guess.
This looks like it
could be the electrical.
- And that one?
There's something back here.
That's interesting.
- What?
- Looks like it
goes all the way up.
- I think I know where
this cable's going.
There was a room that I
couldn't get into before.
I swear to God.
this door was locked
the last time I was here.
- Huh. Dear. this
is some weird shit.
- What is all this?
What is it?
Ah. fuck!
I just got stung. man.
- You all right?
- Get the fuck
away from me. man!
- Hey. you fucking
watch yourself.
- Jake. let me take a look.
- I'm fine.
Sorry. it's just
every fucking bug
is out for my blood tonight!
And this is voodoo bullshit!
- What kind of
scientist did you say that was?
- I didn't. but since
you asked. physics.
particle physics. actually.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
- What's wrong?
- Do you remember that time
Greg and Anna were arguing
about Jiffy Peanut butter?
- Yeah. What does
that have to do with this?
- They couldn't decide
whether it was Jiff or Jiffy.
even though they'd been eating
that peanut butter for like.
I don't know. since the 1970s.
- Okay. so?
- The Mandela Effect.
Connie. the Mandela Effect.
Ever wonder why things
haven't been the same
in the world since 2008?
It's these scientists.
You know. ever since the
day they started playing
with particles and
collapsing micro black holes.
ah. nothing's been the same.
Come on. think about it.
Was it Jiff or was it Jiffy?
- Huh.
Oh. hang on.
- This is Connie.
- You know.
who built a house this
big all the way out here?
- Up the Porcupine
River? I don't know.
I mean. the old Arnprior
Railway did go up there.
- Yeah. that
crossed my mind too.
Check with all the local
fur traders. you know.
see if they've ever
heard of this place.
Maybe the bush pilots. they
could have flow over it. so.
- Boss?
- Hello?
Oh. Connie?
Connie?
- So. is this is
how you pictured finishing
your hitch as
Chief of Lone Crow?
- Ah. I thought I might
be a little drunker.
wearing a bear skin hat. maybe.
- Yeah. It's not how I
thought you'd do it either.
What? First you steal my
girl then you ditch her.
Did a number on us both. man.
- What's your problem. Jake?
- I can ask you the same thing.
- Yeah. except it'd be none
of your fucking business.
- That's exactly
where you're wrong.
- It stopped being your
business the minute
that Meg threw
your sorry ass out.
which was long before
we were anything.
So spare me the fucking
bullshit. will ya?
- It's a fucking
great story. huh?
I like how you're the
hero and I'm the prick.
- You are the prick. Jake.
- Yeah. well. you
ain't no hero. John.
It's a fucking shame
you just can't see
what's right in
front of your eyes.
Trust me. I'm doing it
for her sake. not yours.
You're making the
same mistake I did.
- Hey.
- Are you okay?
- Fine.
- Are you sure? 'Cause
your eye looks a little...
- I don't need a
doctor. so it's okay.
- Okay.
Dude. What the fuck?
- Sorry. I just thought that
maybe we might wanna all bunk
in the same room together.
- Why?
- As a precaution.
One of us keep watch. Maybe.
- You want a roommate. try Jake.
- Hi.
Can't sleep.
Something happened to this
house since I last saw it.
- What do you mean?
- It's not the same.
It's changed. It's gotten
like older or something.
- I'm not sure I follow.
- All those cables.
You know. and. and the
air in here is like.
like metallic or something.
Oh. yeah. maybe it's
just my imagination.
I've spent weeks
alone in the bush.
This house? No fucking way.
You never even asked
if I'd come with you.
- Would you have said yes?
- Would you have stayed?
- Would you have asked me to?
- Would it have
mattered if I did?
- Oh. is that really
a fair question?
- It feels like we're
playing chicken.
See who's gonna say
the wrong thing first.
- Would you rather if we
didn't say anything at all?
- Would that be easier for you?
- Wait. don't go. don't go.
- What?
- That sound.
The power's out.
- What the fuck is that?
Jake?
He must have gone outside
for a leak or something.
Who are you?
- Okay.
Everyone just stay calm.
- I'm not. I'm calm.
Where is my husband?
- Your. your husband?
Are you Linda Parsons?
- Don't move.
- My name is John Hawkins.
I'm the chief of the Lone
Crow Police Department.
- What are you doing here?
- I could ask
the same thing to you.
- I'm here to find my husband.
- Mrs. Parsons. Linda.
A man's body was found
just outside Lone Crow.
- Way south. down river.
- That's why we're here.
I'm. I'm truly sorry.
- Can I get you anything?
- Some heat would help.
- The. ah. generator is out.
- Let me see if I
can get it working.
Be careful.
- The power
was on when I got here.
- When was that?
You got back here?
- Yesterday. I think.
- You're not sure?
- What happened to him?
- We're hoping. um. some
tests are gonna clarify that.
- Hoping?
- Natural causes
has been ruled out.
That's pretty much all I
can tell you right now.
Meg. are you okay down there?
- Yeah! I. I can't
get it to work.
- You said you came up here
looking for your husband.
How did you know where he
was? Did he contact you?
- No. I. I finally tracked down
the rental agency. the house.
So I chartered a float plane.
- The pilot?
- He didn't stay. I
didn't want him to.
- So you stayed here
alone last night?
- My husband had been
here. the power was on.
so I waited.
And finally I went
out searching.
- You just got back now?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Okay.
The body was
significantly damaged.
but it was your husband's ID.
- So you don't know.
Not for certain.
You don't know it's him.
- Ah. your husband's hand.
- What is it?
- When you got here.
you're sure there was
no one else outside?
- No. not that I saw.
- What's going on?
- Stay here.
Jacob?
Fucking guy.
- The fuck?
- Isabelle.
- Hey! Get out!
- Jake! Hey. Jake!
Okay. okay.
- Where am I? Where am I?
- Did you. did you
turn that thing on?
- No. of course not.
- We're not
dicking around here. man.
What the fuck was that?
- I don't know. I don't know.
- How did you get up there?
- I was asleep. then
the next thing you know.
I'm in that fucking attic.
Just don't touch me. Okay?
I need to go lie down.
- Hey. Hey.
Where's Linda?
- I think
she's still up there.
You okay?
- No. no. I'm not okay.
Where did you get this?
- I found it downstairs.
- Your daughter.
It was here?
You called her name earlier.
You said "Isabelle."
- When
you lose a child.
you see them in everything.
This machine took her.
- What exactly does it do?
- Have you heard of
a particle collider?
It uses electromagnetic fields
to propel charged particles
to incredible speeds.
- How dangerous is it?
- To anyone that
goes inside. I. I...
- And the rest of us?
- Linda!
- This room was locked
when I checked it.
Where did you find the key?
- I didn't. it was open.
What can you tell
me about all this?
- I worked
with Cole for over 10 years
and I can tell you that
this is not his work.
- You're sure?
Okay. all right. if
this is not his work.
then what the hell is it?
- He may have had assistance.
Someone he was secretly
communicating with.
I don't know why he
wouldn't share it with me.
I. I could sometimes hear
them talking late at night.
- All right.
Well. there might be
answers on his computer
if we could access the files.
- Are you asking
for my permission?
- I'm asking you
for the password.
- Well then I wish
I could help you.
- Look. I know this
is difficult for you.
but if I'm gonna find out what
happened to your husband...
Linda? Linda?
- Hello. Tinker Bell.
I deserve that.
- We had very good
reason to believe
that you were dead. Mr. Parsons.
A canoe ran ashore.
There was a body inside.
It was badly mutilated.
- Jeepers. That's terrible.
- Walk me back a little bit.
Didn't you hire Miss
Fullbright. chartered a boat?
- Who's boat?
- Mine.
- Oh yes.
Ah. it had just been
so long. I'd forgotten.
- Did you forget about me too?
- What? No.
Linda. I could never
forget about you. Never.
I just needed to get
away for a while.
- A while?
It's been over a year.
- Feels like forever.
Jake?
- Hey.
- Could you get me some water?
But not from the tap.
I don't trust the water here.
- Sure. anything you want.
How are you doing?
- Hmm. better. thanks.
- Now that you're
obviously alive. I'm faced
with a completely
different question.
What's a dead body doing
with your backpack?
Okay.
Why not tell me about the
machine in your attic?
- Hmm. oh. it's something
I've been working very hard on.
- Is it something someone
might wanna steal from you?
- Oh. I can't imagine.
- What would you do if they did?
- Hawk. it's Connie again.
I need you to call me
back as soon as you can.
There's been. ah. developments.
Oh!
What is it. Alex?
- Yeah. I was thinking about
that physicist you mentioned.
- Yeah.
- And I. I don't
wanna scare you.
- Well. I don't scare easy.
You should know that by now.
- Yeah. well. have you ever
heard the name Cole Parsons?
- What about him?
- Yeah. he was some hotshot
at CERN before he was fired.
- I don't. what's CERN?
- CERN. the largest
particle physics lab
in the world. Connie.
And do you know
what they do there?
Black magic rituals.
I mean there's a
hundred YouTube videos
if you wanna check it out.
And frankly. I'm a little
surprised you haven't.
- Oh. okay. But
why would they be-
- Listen to me. people
from all over the world
are hearing this crazy.
weird humming noise
and they can't
explain it. and why?
Because there is no
explanation for it.
They are opening the
gates to hell here.
And Parsons. I'm
telling you Parsons.
he's at the center of it.
- I have work to do. Alex.
- Oh. come on.
Connie. please don't let them-
- Jesus.
- Did you really think
I wouldn't find you?
Cole. I've seen
the room upstairs.
That thing in the attic.
Her doll.
Jesus. Cole. you brought
her doll here. Why?
- I needed her.
- Talk to me.
Please.
I came because I need
to know what happened.
To both of you.
- Not now.
Go lie down.
- John?
- Oh God.
Can you hear me?
Oh my God.
Jacob. let go of me.
- I was looking to get a signal.
I gotta fill Connie in then...
And then I gotta figure out
what the hell to do next.
- What we're gonna do next
is we're gonna get Jake
the hell outta here.
sooner the better.
- Chief.
- Jacob.
Jake.
- Jake. are you okay?
- You need to look at his hand.
His hand.
- Holy shit.
- We have to get him
out of here. Fast.
- We need to call in
a plane. something.
- I still can't get any signal.
- We
have a boat. I can. um.
I'll go down river.
try to get service.
- Go now. go.
- Okay.
What the fuck is
happening to him?
- I'm not a medical doctor.
- No. but you know more
than you're letting on.
- He was...
- What?
- He was in the machine
when it activated. I
don't think anyone knows
what effect that could have
on molecular structure.
- Not even your husband?
- No.
No. he could. he
couldn't have known.
He. ah. he would never
set out to hurt her.
- What did you just say?
- He loved her
more than anything.
He didn't know. he...
- Look at me.
- He couldn't have known.
- Is this what happened
to your daughter?
- No!
I swear to God.
You have to believe me.
- Jesus. fuck.
- The boat.
I. I swear I brought it
up on shore last night.
- Things do go
missing around here.
- You do something to our boat?
- No.
- Well someone did.
- It appears that way.
- You fucking getting
smart with me?
- You should
check down at the camp.
- What camp?
- Down river. about a
mile. mile and a half.
- Yeah. I saw it on the
way up here.
It was right where I saw
that thing last night.
- All right. let's
go check it out.
But we gotta make it fast.
- Wait. what about Jake?
- We'll deal with him
in a bit. Come on.
- You are the breach.
- What'd you say?
Megan. what'd he say to you?
- Just leave it.
- What did you say?
Christ. John!
- Oh shit!
- Man's had it coming
since he got here.
Stay there!
- What's so fucking funny?
What'd he say to you?
- I don't even know.
There goes your ticket
outta Lone Crow.
- Well maybe it's just
as well. Let's go.
- Jake. is that you?
Jake. can you hear me?
I can hardly hear you. Hang on.
Jake.
Tell Hawk we got the
lab results back.
The dead guy in the canoe is
Cole Parsons. It's nothing new.
It's just confirming
what we already figured.
but I need him to call me back.
- Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
There. there.
You are almost here. Shh.
- Jesus.
Hi. Tinker Bell.
I knew you'd find me.
I only hope it's not too late.
I did it. Linda.
I touched the edge of reality.
Let something touch me back.
I did
something I shouldn't have done.
- Oh!
I experimented with others.
but I got to see for myself.
I have to leave now.
Now before it kills me.
No more secrets.
Don't hate me. Linda.
- No.
No.
Please. no.
Isabelle.
Isabelle!
No.
Oh! No!
Ah!
What did you do?
Is she here?
No! No!
Where is she?
- Oh. Meg. I'm sorry. I'm
sorry you had to see that.
- I'm pregnant.
- Well. how long. how
long have you known?
Meg.
- Let's just focus on one
thing at a time. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Okay. Okay.
Shit.
Where the hell is he?
What is this guy? A physicist
or a fucking magician?
I think we. um. we gotta
assume the worst here. Okay?
- Yeah. that seems fine.
- No. no. stop.
stop. listen. listen.
Listen to me.
This is my job. All right?
I need you to stay here.
You gotta have my
back. All right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Jacob.
Jake.
Okay. I gotta get
you out of here.
Ah. eh!
Help!
- What was that?
- Whatever that
was. it wasn't Jake.
Only what's left of him.
- Give me my daughter.
- Mommy.
- Isabelle.
Oh.
My baby.
Isabelle. don't.
We gotta destroy that thing.
- How?
- I can rig it.
I'll rig it to blow.
- Okay.
- We can't hold
these things off.
- Yeah.
- Anything happen...
- Oh.
- Anything happens. you.
- I don't-
- you gotta keep going. okay?
- Okay. Oh God.
Come back to me. Okay?
Hawk!
Where are you?
Oh shit.
Ah. come on!
Oh God.
John!
- I'm okay!
We run in five seconds! Ready?
Now!
Okay.
Ah. God!
Meg.
- It's been a few
months since the specialists
have descended on
the Lynx Creek area.
Although officials are
being very tight-lipped.
at least one anonymous
source has told me
what is happening is akin to
the Chernobyl disaster of 1986.
Meanwhile. the casualties
continue to mount.
- Hi Meg.
Sorry. I probably should
have called ahead.
- It's okay. Connie.
- I. ah. I just came by
to drop this off.
I figured you'd be
the one who'd. ah.
it's some of John's old stuff.
So...
How you doing?
- Tired.
but. ah. fine otherwise.
- I guess you heard the news.
- What news?
- Oh. that place
up at Lynx Creek.
It's crawling with specialists.
It's all hush-hush.
And not from around here.
Sounds like there's
gonna be an evacuation.
I just wanted to give
you the jump on it.
You got a place to go?
- Yeah.
- And what about your. ah-
- Gave 'em away.
I just needed the quiet.
- Of course. Yeah.
Well. you holler if you
need anything. Okay?
- Thanks. Connie.